The ultimate guide to
JOHN MONOLOGUE(s)
See “Backups” if this doc is at risk
If you want to contribute, but don’t know the formatting, use the drafting area! Alternatively, you can use the suggestions page if you don’t have editor permissions.
rules link
suggestions link
John website
Github link
(Type search=all in the search bar to see all pages. Currently working on mobile detection so some things may break. Small screens break the navbar. WIP. Comment here if you want to be editor on the github repo.)
VARIANTS
Original (one-word)
This can be used with single words or phrases. Feel free to change phrasing, but not the general idea. The “__” (in most cases) represents the word being used ex. “Monologue” (see “Examples”). However in some blanks (labeled “__2”) this blank is simply something you can fill in with whatever. Parentheses show other words that can be used to replace and/or add to the original version.
My (The) name is (name’s) (I’m) (John.) (John __,) (John __.) inventor of (__2)__(ing). I invented (__2)__(ing) in 1984. It was a hot summer day. (and) I was on an (the) elevator to my hotel room when I thought to myself: “What would it be like to live in a world where people could (had) (__2)__ (existed)?” Just a year later I patented my first design, and soon enough, everyone (people) across the world was (were) (could) (__2)__(ing). (had access to __.) 
Two-word phrases
	This can be used with 2 word phrases such as “Kill Yourself” or “Perpendicular Bisector”, With the first word being the first name and the second word being used as the last name. The first word is represented with “__1” and the second with “__2” (see “Examples” for more info). Most that applies to the ‘Original’ variant also applies to this, and all future variants.
My (The) name is (name’s) __1 __2, (I’m the) inventor of (__1) __2(ing). I invented (__1)__2(ing) in 1984. It was a hot summer day. (and) I was on an (the) elevator to my hotel room when I (suddenly) thought to myself: “What would it be like to live in a world where people could (had) __1 __2(ing) (existed)?” Just a year later I patented my first design, and soon enough, everyone across (all over) the world was (were) (could) (__1) __2(ing).
3 and 4 word phrases
Three and four word phrases are similar to the “Two-word phrases” variant in the way that they both use a first and last name taken directly from the phrase instead of just “John.” With 3 word phrases, the third word can be integrated as a middle name or a nickname (ex. Toby “Radiation” Fox.) 4 words work similarly. You can either have a one-word nickname and a middle name, or a two-word nickname and no middle name (ex. Dwayne “The Rock” Johnson). 
sidenote: this also means it’s possible to have 5, 6 and even 7 word phrases, by using long nicknames, although in most situations this will just sound weird or won’t make any sense!
Formatting with nickname
	This will stay practically the same, no matter how many words your name has, just with more parts, similar to how “Original” formatting compares to “Two-word phrase” formatting. Again, formatting rules from the previous variants also apply. “__1” represents the first name, “__2” represents the nickname and “__3” represents the last and/or middle name.
	My (The) name is (name’s) (I’m) __1 “__2”  __3, (__1. __1 “__2” __3.) (I’m the) (Inventor) inventor of (__1) (“__2”)__3(ing). I invented (__1)(“__2”)__3(ing) in 1984. It was a hot summer day. (and) I was on an (the) elevator to my hotel room when I (suddenly) thought to myself: “What would it be like to live in a world where people could (had) __1“__2” __3(ing) (existed)?” Just a year later I patented my first design, and soon enough, everyone across (all over) the world was (were) (could) (__1) (“__2”) __3(ing). (had access to __.) 
Formatting with middle name
	Formatting with a middle name is practically the same as with one and two word phrases, just with an extra word. If anything, you can even use the “Formatting with a nickname section”! And no, there won’t be a specific template for this!
Alternate Routes
Henry
	Similar to the John template, “(__)” represents any word of your choice. Although this template (currently) lacks variants, it can also be changed in pretty much any way you like!
	Good evening, I am Henry (__), past co-founder and present inventor of the (__). Back in my day, this one guy invented (__), and since I was a famous advertiser back then, he reached out to me to advertise (__). Soon enough, I became such a necessity to the business that he called me the co-founder of (__). But, since I was a greedy man, I decided to poison his shampoo in 1839 and finally took the place of being the inventor of (__).

More than 4 or 5 words
	Using more words will typically sound really strange, but you can try to incorporate them as nicknames and middle names, just like with 3 word variants. Just do whatever you can think of! And again, there will not be a template for this either; It’s practically the same as the previous ones.
Other languages
	Add your own, but don’t use google translate! Most of the translations use similar (or the same) formatting as the original
Russian
Я (Константин) по русски могу говорить, но пишу очень плохо, поэтому если кто то еще тут может лучше писать, пожалуйста исправьте мои ошибки!  
Привет, меня зовут Джон [слово], исобретатьле [слово]. Я изобрел [слобо] в восемьдесят четвертом году, был солнечный летний дене, и я был на лифте в свой отеле, когда мне в голову пришла мысль: «Как бы была бы жизнь в мире где [слово]?» Всего лишь год спустя я запатентовал мой первый дизайн, и скоро, луги вокруг всего мира пользовались [слово].
Japanese
私の名前はジョン__です。1984年に__を作りました。夏の暑い日だった。ホテルのエレベーターに乗っていた時こう思った、「この世に__を__とすれば、どうなのかな？」。その一年後、初めての__が__され、すぐに大人気になって、世界中の人は__を__事ができた。
Chinese
你好，我的名字是约翰 _。在1984年我发明了_。那天是一个热的夏天，和我在电梯上回路店房间。我突然想：”要是咱们住在一个有_的世界会怎样？”一年以后，我做了第一个_，和很快，世界的人都有_了。
EXAMPLES
	If you have editing permissions, please add as many examples as you can!
Current list of editors in order of date of editor permissions given (Add your username/nickname if it’s missing!):
Konstantin Edunov (Enty)
Eden Ye (Enenan)
Giselle Tian (Starry)
Thomas Schwaab
Fedor Gladkoborodov (Cactalpha)
Bruce Sperli (Avacato) [Formerly]
Henry Halsey (Memerman)
Fiona McGaraghan
Yuwa Ishida
Aaditya Kamath (Scarecrow)
Original (one-word) examples
Monologue
My name is John Monologue, inventor of monologues. I invented monologues in 1984. It was a hot summer day and I was on an elevator to my hotel room when I thought to myself: “What would it be like to live in a world where monologues existed?” Just a year later I patented my first design, and soon enough, everyone across the world had monologues. 
Splatoon
The name’s John. John Splatoon. Inventor of Splatoon. I invented Splatoon in 1984. It was a hot summer day and I was on an elevator to my hotel room when I thought to myself: “What would it be like to live in a world where John Splatoon?” Just a year later I patented my first design, and soon enough, people all over the world could Splatoon.
Pork
My name’s John Pork. Inventor of porking of enemies. I invented the porking of enemies in 1984. It was a hot summer day. I was on an elevator to my hotel room when I thought to myself: “What would it be like to live in a world where people could pork their enemies?” Just a year later I patented my first design, and soon enough, everyone across the world was porking enemies.
Arson
My name’s John Arson. Inventor of setting houses ablaze. I invented setting peoples houses on fire in 1984. It was a hot summer day. I was on an elevator to my hotel room when I thought to myself: “What would it be like to live in a world where people could burn their enemies' houses?” Just a year later I patented my first design, and soon enough, everyone across the world was setting houses ablaze.
Segregation
My name is John Segregation, inventor of segregation. I invented segregation in 1984. It was a hot summer day. I was on an elevator to my hotel room when I thought to myself, “What would it be like to live in a world where humanity would be separated based on their differences?” Just a year later I patented my first design, and soon enough, minorities around the world would be discriminated against.
Asian
My name is John Asian, the inventor of Asians. I created Asians in 1984. It was a hot summer day and I was on an elevator to my hotel room when I thought, “What would the world be like if there were people with above average intelligence and almond shaped eyes?”. A year later I created the first Asian and named it, “糞垂” and soon enough, the entire world was talking about Asians.
Two-word phrase examples
	Kill(1) Yourself(2)
	My name’s Kill Yourself, inventor of killing yourself. I invented killing yourself in 1984. It was a hot summer day and I was on the elevator to my hotel room when I suddenly thought to myself: “What would it be like to live in a world where people could kill themselves?” Just a year later I patented my first design, and soon enough, everyone everywhere was killing themselves.
	Perpendicular(1) Bisector(2)
	My name is Perpendicular Bisector, Mr. Bisector, inventor of bisecting. I invented perpendicular bisectors in 1984. It was a hot summer day and I was on an elevator to my hotel room when I thought to myself: “What would it be like to live in a world where people could bisect perpendicularly?” Just a year later I patented my first design, and soon, people all over the world had access to the wonderful invention of perpendicular bisection.
Shut(1) Up(2)
	My name is Shut Up, inventor of shutting up. I invented shutting up in 1984. It was a hot summer day and I was on an elevator to my hotel room when I thought to myself: “What would it be like to live in a world where people could just shut up ?” Just a year later I patented my first design, and soon, people all over the world had access to the wonderful invention of shutting up.
	Tom(1) Foolery(2)
	My name is Tom Foolery, inventor of foolery. I invented foolery in 1984, it was a hot summer day and I was on an elevator to my hotel room when I thought to myself: “What would it be like to live in a world where people could be fooled?” Just a year later I patented my first design, and soon enough, people were fooling each other in April all over the world.
Self(1) Harm(2)
My name is Self Harm, inventor of self harm. I invented self harm in 1984. It was a hot summer day. I was on an elevator to my hotel room when I thought to myself, “Why should I care about life?” And started banging my head against the wall. Just a year later, I patented my first design, and soon enough, everyone across the world who hated themselves were able to inflict pain on their own body.
Sloppy(1) Toppy(2)
My name is Sloppy Toppy, inventor of the sloppy toppy. I invented the sloppy Toppy in 1984. It was a hot summer day. I was on an elevator to my hotel room when I thought, “What would a world be like with sloppy toppies?” Just 1 year later, I patented my first design, and soon enough, everyone could experience a sloppy toppy if they wanted to.
Intense(1) Storytelling(2)
My name is Intense Storytelling, inventor of intense storytelling. I invented intense storytelling in 1984. It was a hot summer day and I was on the elevator back to my hotel room when I suddenly thought to myself, “What would it be like to live in a world with intense storytelling?” Just a year later, I patented my first design, and soon, everyone across the world had access to intense storytelling.
Brain(1) Damage(2)
My name is Brain Damage, inventor of brain damage. I invented brain damage in 1984. It was a hot summer day and I was on the elevator back to my hotel room when I suddenly thought to myself, “What would it be like to live in a world with brain damage?” Just a year later, I patented my first design, and soon, everyone was suffering from brain damage. 
Diagramming(1) Sentences(2)
My name is Diagramming Sentences, inventor  of diagramming sentences. I invented diagramming sentences in 1984. It was a hot summer day and I was on the elevator up to my hotel room when I suddenly thought to myself, “What would it be like to live in a world where people could diagram sentences?” Just a year later, I patented my first design, and soon, middle schoolers in English classes around the country were learning about how to diagram sentences
3 and 4 word phrase examples
	Acute(1) “Equilateral(2)” Triangle(3)
	I’m Mr. Triangle. Acute “Equilateral” Triangle. I’m the inventor of triangles. I invented triangles in 1984. It was a cold winter day and I was on an elevator, leaving my hotel room when I thought to myself: “What would it be like to live in a world where triangles existed?” Not only that, but equilateral triangles as well. And they would always be acute. That was my dream, yes. Just a year later I patented my first design, and soon enough, people all over the world were suffering in geometry class.
	Pool(1) “Of(2)” Knowledge(3)
	I’m Pool “Of” Knowledge, inventor of the Pool of Knowledge. I invented the Pool of Knowledge in 1984. It was a hot summer day. I was on the elevator to my hotel room when I thought to myself: “What would it be like to live in a world where the Pool of Knowledge existed?” Just a year later I patented my first design, and soon, everyone across the world had access to the Pool of Knowledge.
	Hillview(1) “Five(2) Core(3)” Skills(4)
	The name’s Hillview “Five Core” Skills, inventor of the Hillview Five Core Skills. I invented the Hillview Five Core Skills in 1984. It was a hot summer day and I was on the elevator to my hotel room when I suddenly thought to myself: “What would it be like to live in a world where Hillview students had to follow the Hillview Five Core Skills?” Only a year later I patented my first design, and soon enough, Hillview students across the Hillview campus were told to follow the Hillview Five Core Skills. 
John(1) F.(2) Kennedy(3)
My name is John F. Kennedy, inventor of the assasination of John F. Kennedy. I invented the assasination in 1963. It was a hot summer day and I was on the elevator to my room when I thought to myself “What would it be like to live in a world without a US president? ''. Just a few days later, I formulated my plan, and soon enough, everyone across the world was mourning my death.
John(1) Quincy(2) Adams(3)
My name is John Quincy Adams, inventor of the 6th president of the United States. I invented the 6th president in 1825. It was a hot summer day and I was on the elevator to my hotel room when I thought to myself, “What would it be like to live in a world where the United States had more than 5 presidents?” Only a year later I patented my first design, and soon enough, everybody in the United States had a 6th president.
More than 4 word phrase examples
	Quirked(1) Up(2) “White(3) Boy(4)” Busting(5) It(6) Down(7) Sensual(8) Style(9) 
	My name is Quirked Up “White Boy” Busting It Down Sensual Style, inventor of Busting It Down Sensual Style. I invented Busting It Down in 1984. It was a hot summer day and I was on the elevator to my hotel room when I suddenly thought to myself: “What would it be like to live in a world where people could Bust It Down Sensual Style?” Just a year later I patented my first design, and soon, people all over the world could be Quirked Up White Boys, Goated With the Sauce, who could Bust It Down Sensual Style.
Other examples
	Crazy
My name is John Crazy, inventor of Going Crazy. I invented Going Crazy in 1984. It was a hot summer day, and I was in the elevator on the way to my hotel room when I thought to myself: “Crazy? I was crazy once. They locked me in a room. A room full of bagels. I love bagels! Bagels are round, like the sun. The sun has spots. I had a dog named Spot once. He lived a looooong life. Life? I love that cereal! It costs me 5 Dollars. That’s Crazy! Crazy?
Jesus(1) Jeremiah(2)
My name is Jesus. Jesus Jeremiah, in fact. You may have heard of me before as “Jesus Christ”, but that’s plain wrong. I invented many things, including Jeremiah John himself, inventor of John John. It was a day, God had yet to invent heat or summer, and I was walking to my hotel room when I thought to myself: “What would it be like to live in a world where Johns invented things?” I didn’t even have to patent a design, I just created Jeremiah John, and assigned him with the role of creating John John. You’re welcome.
Anime
My name is John Anime, inventor of anime in 19 C.E. It was a hot summer day, and I was on an elevator to my hotel room. All of the sudden, I thought to myself: “What if animation didn’t have ‘-ation’ at the end, and instead ended with ‘-e?’” Just a year later I patented my first design in Japan. Soon enough, everyone was watching anime worldwide. However, every hero needs a villain. As I was watching episode 1273 of “One Piece,” A strange crusader entered my house and called me a heretic, then he pulled out a shotgun and attempted to kill me. I managed to run away, but this problem is far from being solved.
Horse
Ya ever heard the lad that goes by the name of John Horse? That’s right pardner, call me John. It was a hot sunny day in the wild west. I was ridin’ my ostrich back to the stable until a thought crossed my mind: “Why am I ridin’ an Ostrich? Those things shouldn’t even be in this part’a the country.” Just a year later, I patented the horse, and soon enough, everyone in the Wild West started usin’ em.
Ostrich
The name’s John. John Ostrich. It was a cold, wintry day in the Ordered East. I was riding my horse back to the stable, until I thought, “Why am I riding a horse? Those shouldn’t even be out here.” Just a year later, I patented my first design, and soon enough, everyone in the Ordered East started riding ostriches.
Cult
My name is John Cult, inventor of cults and cultists in 34 C.E. It was a hot summer day, and I was on an elevator up to my place of worship, when I thought to myself, “What would it be like to live in a world where people could worship strange and misunderstood deities while being shunned by society?” Only one cycle of the lunar calendar later I had perfected my first design. Now, people across the world can embrace the mystery of cults and be shunned by society!
Cow
Nice to meet you! My name is John Cow, inventor of cows in 1600. It was a hot summer day, and I was on a tractor, heading towards my barn, when I thought to myself, “Gee, what would it be like to own an animal that infinitely produces milk for public consumption? We can even mass-breed them and keep them in insanely inhumane conditions!” Only a year later I patented my first design, and now, farmers across the world have access to this wonderful invention.
LORE
Factions 
Wild West (Used horses)
Ordered East (Used ostriches)
Crusaders
Animanians
Cult Cow Cult
Fog Faction
Furries
Femboys
Important Johns
God (Inventor of God Jesus)
God Jesus (Inventor of Jesus Jeremiah)
Jesus Jeremiah (Inventor of Jeremiah John)
Jeremiah John (Inventor of John John)
John John (Inventor of John[s])
John “osu!” Latin Pinion (Konstantin; Inventor of osu!, latin, & opinions)
John Pork (Inventor of Pork[ing of enemies])
John Splatoon (Inventor of Splatoon; Male protagonist of Splatoon 1)
John Anime (Inventor of anime; Enemy of the crusaders)
John Arson (Inventor of arson)
John West (Inventor of the Wild West; Inventor of John Horse; Leader of the Wild West)
John East (Inventor of the Ordered East; Inventor of John Ostrich; Leader of the Ordered East)
John Joseph Kirby Jr. (Defended Nintendo in a case about the copyrightability of Donkey Kong, Kirby was named after him)
John Cruse (Inventor of the crusaders; Enemy of the animanians)
John Cult (Inventor of cults and cultists, co-founder of the Cult Cow Cult)
John Cow (Inventor of cows, co-founder of the Cult Cow Cult)
Other Important people
Ben Jective (Inventor of Adjectives)
Tom Foolery (Inventor of foolery)
Henry Verb (Inventor of Verbs)
Joseph Article (Inventor of Articles)
Brad Verb (Inventor of Adverbs)
BACKUPS
This doc has been created using an Menlo Park City School District account (koedunov@mpcsd.org) and is therefore vulnerable to being deleted.
sidenote: There’s also a printed version! Ask Konstantin for it if you want, or print it yourself! (There aren't any real or important reasons for it to exist, mostly just for fun, but it’s a way to archive it nonetheless.) 
Docs files
konstamule@gmail.com docs link (I’m currently busy working on the website, so I haven’t been spending much time on the doc or backups. Will often be behind)
kostya.edunov@gmail.com docs link (Same thing but worse)
Giselle’s backup (I’ll update when I remember this backup exists)
Google drive .docx link (Updated rarely)
Text files (.txt)
Keep in mind that text files will be missing important parts, such as images and formatting.
Google drive .txt link (Updated rarely)
MISCELLANEOUS
Ban list
list of people who are banned from editor. If you give them editor permissions without verification that they have been unbanned, you will (maybe) also be banned.
No one (YIPPEE!!) 
Drafting area
	The formatting NEEDS to stay consistent! if you want to contribute, but don’t know how to format it correctly, add your contributions into the box below, and someone who does know the formatting (ex. Fedor, Konstantin) will add your work into the doc. Also make sure to add your name if you want to be added to contributors!



CONTRIBUTORS
People who have contributed directly to this google doc. (This list does not include people who contributed in ways such as creating new variants or other things outside of this doc, because this would create a huge list with many people on it that do not even have access to this doc. However if you did contribute in a way that you feel should be included, add it here and you will be added to the list) As more people contribute, they will be added. If you contributed but have not been added, just add yourself (Assuming you have editor permissions). If there is inaccurate, missing information, or anything else you would like people to know, also add it!

Format for Contributor Profiles

Pictures must be squares with dimensions of exactly 2 in x 2 in
You must include your first and last name
Please add any contact info you feel comfortable sharing
A list of contributions should be added (once you have made any)


Active contributors 

	Konstantin Edunov (Enty) 
sidenote: Recently I’ve been more focused on the website than the docs, so I’m not really keeping up with everything happening. 
Contact
koedunov@mpcsd.org (School)
konstamule@gmail.com (Personal)
entyspite@gmail.com (Secondary personal)
kostya.edunov@gmail.com (Also secondary personal?? idk lmao)
entyspite (Discord)
(650) 732-8845 (Phone)

	Fedor Gladkoborodov (Cactalpha)
List of Contributions
All of the Two-word phrases variant
All of “Important Johns” section
All of “Miscellaneous” section 
All of “Anime” example
East and West factions
Most of document outline
Formatting (ex. Underlining titles, bold titles, etc.)
Various minor changes

Contact
fgladkoborodov@mpcsd.org (School)
fedor.gladkoborodov@gmail.com (Personal)
cactalpha (Discord)


	Eden Ye (lunuu/enenan)
List of Contributions
Co-owner (As far as I know, I was the first person invited!!)
Beta reader (I read through all the examples and will fix any grammar mistakes I find to make sure the monologue sounds normal when you’re talking!!!)
Absolutely nothing but i’m cute so i deserve to be here

Contact
chye@mpcsd.org (School)
eden.marshmary@gmail.com (Personal. I check it once every two centuries)
lunuu (Discord)
650-505-4667 (Phone)



 	Henry Halsey (Memerman)
List of Contributions
All of “Quirked Up White Boy Busting It Down Sensual Style” example
All of “Crazy” example
Following formatting

Contact
hhalsey@mpcsd.org (School)
henry.l.halsey@gmail.com (Personal)
memerman9973 (Discord)
(650) 421-5446 (Phone)

	Giselle Tian (Starry)
List of Contributions
All of “Pool Of Knowledge” example
All of “Hillview Five Core Skills” example
All of “Intense Storytelling” example
Most of rules doc
Crusaders and Animanians factions
Distribution of doc
Various minor changes and corrections
Chinese translation
A singular backup

Contact
gltian@mpcsd.org (School)
giselletian2019@gmail.com (Personal)
(650) 785-9577 (Phone)
starrynightofthesky (Discord)

Yuwa Ishida
add the picture you want to  be used! make sure the size is 2 inches (only available on the webapp)
List of Contributions
Japanese translation (tysm!)
All of “John F. Kennedy” example
All of “Segregation” example
All of “Self Harm” example
All of “Sloppy Toppy” example
All of “Asian” example
ららら コッペパン♪ + lyrics!
Contact
yuishida@mpcsd.org (School)
yuwa29002@gmail.com (Personal)
(650) 387-0468 (Phone)

   	Thomas Schwaab
List of Contributions
“Henry Verb” in important people
All of “Alternate routes” and section
Contact
tmschwaab@mpcsd.org (School)


	Aaditya Kamath (Scarecrow)
List of Contributions
All of “Brain Damage” example
All of “John Quincy Adams” example
All of “Diagramming Sentences” example
All of “Cult” example
All of “Cow” example
Contributor Profile Formatting
Minor contribution to “Important Johns” section
Contact
apkamath@mpcsd.org (School)
ditya.kamath@gmail.com (Personal)
not_ravioli (Discord)
(650) 460-9743 (Phone)
Inactive contributors

	Bruce Sperli (Avocato)
List of Contributions
Most of “Pork” example
Some of Document outline
Contact
brsperli@mpcsd.org (School)
bruce.sperli@gmail.com (Personal)
avocato2715 (Discord)

	Isaac Sperli (Darth Hideous)
List of Contributions
All of “Arson” example 
All of “Shut Up” example

Contact
Irsperli@mpcsd.org (School)
Isaac.sperli@gmail.com (Personal)
Joehecker@gmail.com (I do not check it)
Darthhideous. (Discord) 
(650) 485-1192 (Phone)



